
=head1 What is WebRobot

WebRobot is a data driven http client heavily based on L<LWP|LWP>.
It can be used

=over

=item *

for automating http requests

=item *

for a kind of web based unit tests

=item *

for (limited) stress tests of web servers

=item *

for analyzing http communication

=back


=head1 How to use it

=over

=item *

You define your requests in an XML file,
possibly with additional information like a description or an assertion.
This is called to be a test plan.

=item *

You configure WebRobot (proxies, authentification, ...)
with a simple properties file.

=item *

You run L<webrobot.pl> with your test plan and configuration file.

=item *

You inspect the output in text or html form depending on the output filters in use.

=back


=head1 Some features

=over

=item *

The test plan format is XML.
The plan to be processed includes a list of http/https requests.
POST requests will be feeded with data.

=item *

Display of http request/response header.

=item *

Assertions for http responses: Some predicates and boolean operators (extendable).

=item *

Multiple requests out of a single one,
eg. additionally request the images and frames (extendable).

=item *

Linkchecker included (a special module for <i>multiple request</i>).
Predicates and boolean operators for the links to be followed.

=item *

Output listeners (extendable): HTML, Text, Test::Harness

=item *

Property file for the client configuration
(proxy, basic authentification, http header, timeout, ...)

=item *

Cookie behaviour control (on, off, clear)

=item *

Including test plans: For better maintainability a plan can include any other plans.

=item *

Plans are parameter enabled (names).
The names are set by the calling plan or the config file.

=item *

Single client instance emulating multiple users (deterministic access).

=item *

Multiple client instances for load test (unix like operating systems only).

=item *

Sending mail when the execution of the plan is terminated.

=back


=head1 BUGS

Most bug descriptions are annotated at the desired place.
However, there should really be more tests.


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<WWW::Webrobot::pod::Config.pod>

L<WWW::Webrobot::pod::OutputListeners.pod>

L<WWW::Webrobot::pod::Recur.pod>

L<WWW::Webrobot::pod::Testplan.pod>

=cut
